It was about the image, but it was also the
process, right? Like, it felt like every time
someone came in, we were doing relational art
together. We were doing this performance art
kind of thing where... Like, okay, so groups
would come, you know, couples would come,
and then people would come with one person then
come back with a different person. You know,
I had trans women come who had never been
photographed as women, and who spoke about
this experience and, sort of, wanted to be
photographed in very particular ways. So,
some people would come and really want a very
particular experience of seeing themselves
represented. Other people were just like, “I don’t
know what to do.” You know, they were very shy,
and so I would say, “Well, just... I don’t know,
have fun.” Like, if they were with someone,
I was like, “Just make out, and I’ll take a
good photo and figure out how to...” I mean,
weirdly I think it was kind of therapeutic.
Like, it was this kind of interesting experience,
where people used it for a lot of different
reasons. I mean now I feel like we take
photos of every fucking thing all the time.
Like, it’s just like... But then we didn’t.
We did not have cell phones. So, having
a photo of yourself was actually, like,
kind of a big deal. And for a lot of queers who
aren’t necessarily connected to their families of
origin, or don’t necessarily have those kinds of
archives, like... Or they might have archives of
themselves that feel totally inauthentic,
or not representative of who they are,
I think having a photo was really awesome. To
have a photo of themselves in a place that felt
authentic. What they chose to wear out to an
event like that. I think it was pretty great.